proxycfg: rate-limit delivery of config snapshots (#14960)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/config/config-files.mdx

Consul will not enable TLS for the HTTP or gRPC API unless the `https` port has
been assigned a port number `> 0`. We recommend using `8501` for `https` as this
default will automatically work with some tooling.

## xDS Server Parameters

> - `xds` This object allows you to configure the behavior of Consul's
> [xDS protocol](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-docs/xds_protocol)
> server. Available in Consul 1.14 and later.
> 
>   - `update_max_per_second` Controls the rate at which proxy config updates
>     will be delivered, across all connected xDS streams. This prevents updates
>     to "global" resources such as wildcard intentions from saturating system
>     resources at the expense of other work, such as Raft and Gossip, which
>     could cause general cluster instability.
> 
>     It defaults to 250 updates per second, which is conservative and was chosen
>     based on a load-test of 5k streams connected to a single server with 2 CPU
>     cores.
> 
>     This can be reloaded using `consul reload` or sending the server a `SIGHUP`
>     to allow lowering or increasing the limit without a rolling restart in
>     emergencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `xds`: This object allows you to configure the behavior of Consul's
[xDS protocol](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-docs/xds_protocol)
server. 

  - `update_max_per_second`: Specifies the number of proxy configuration updates across all connected xDS streams that are allowed per second. This configuration prevents updates to global resources, such as wildcard intentions, from consuming system resources at the expense of other processes, such as Raft and Gossip, which could cause general cluster instability.

    The default value is `250`. It is based on a load test of 5,000 streams connected to a single server with two CPU cores. 

    If necessary, you can lower or increase the limit without a rolling restart by using the `consul reload` command or by sending the server a `SIGHUP`. 
```
Just a few suggestions for consistency with our style guide. I removed the subjective statement about the default being conservative. If we really want to communicate that there is room for increasing the value, we can say something about how the default is below the threshold at which system instability began to occur during our tests. Also, I removed the reference to the version number because this update should ONLY appear in 1.14 documentation and later, which would make the sentence unnecessary.

Author: Awesome, thanks 🙌🏻
